Added z/OS Debugger Automation (#346)
IBM/z_ansible_collections_samples: z_system_automation/zos_debugger_install_config_automation/README.md

### What's in the User Guide?

The User Guide (available in both Markdown and DOCX formats) provides extensive documentation including:

- **Complete Prerequisites** - Detailed software requirements, compatibility matrices, and system requirements
- **Step-by-Step Installation** - Comprehensive setup instructions with examples
- **Configuration Reference** - Complete variable descriptions and configuration templates
- **Use Case Scenarios** - Recovery, upgrades, multi-region setups, and rollback procedures
- **Post-Installation Verification** - Detailed verification checklists and functional testing
- **Troubleshooting** - Common issues, solutions, and diagnostic commands
- **Appendices** - Variable reference tables, port mappings, dataset conventions, JCL templates, and quick reference commands

### Quick Start

For a quick start, follow the instructions below. For detailed information, consult the [User Guide](doc/User_Guide.md).

## Prerequisites

Before running the automation scripts, make sure the following software and versions are installed:

1. **Ansible** >= 2.18.7

> 2. **Ansible IBM z/OS Core** >= 1.14.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Ansible IBM z/OS Core** >= 1.14.1, < 2.0.0
```

You should put an upper bound on this becausae the latest collection does have some breaking changes, see migration guide for these: https://ibm.github.io/z_ansible_collections_doc/ibm_zos_core/docs/source/migration/migration.html#zos-job-submit

We don't know who or when we will update all the playbooks to support 2.0 but for now if you put an upper boundary you will inform users.

> 3. **Python** >= 3.1.x

Reviewer: I am not sure dependencies like this should be spelled out because they are really the dependencies of `ansible-core` , you should review how collections position these by pointing users at the dependencies doc, for example `ansible-core 2.18.x` requires on the controller "Python 3.11 - 3.13" and for the managed node "Python 3.8 - 3.13", then you must also be cognizant that "IBM [Open Enterprise SDK for Python](https://www.ibm.com/products/open-enterprise-python-zos)" has a shorter EOL than what the community has, hence why we have specifically worded the requirements in such a way users are expected to do a bit of evaluation based on their version of `ansible-core`.

https://ibm.github.io/z_ansible_collections_doc/ibm_zos_core/docs/source/collection-requirements.html#ibm-zos-core-collection-requirements-dependency-matrix

Reviewer: I see that you updated the IBM z/OS core collection to gate the upper end to `<2.0` , to my other point above you have Python 3.1.x which released in 2009, its better to have verbiage in place to point users to the ansible-core requirements for controller and managed node, the dependency matrix is an example of what we do but its probably easier just to remove the python requirement and let users figure out they need to go to `ansible-core` to determine the dependencies as it can vary based on ansible-core.

> ## Prerequisites
> 
> Before running the automation scripts, make sure the following software and versions are installed:
> 
> 1. **Ansible** >= 2.18.7
> 2. **Ansible IBM z/OS Core** >= 1.14.1, < 2.0.0
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the automation scripts, ensure sure the following software and versions are installed:

1. [ansible-core](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/release_and_maintenance.html#ansible-core-support-matrix) >= 2.18.7. (Ansible >= 11.0) 
2. [Ansible IBM z/OS Core](https://ibm.github.io/z_ansible_collections_doc/ibm_zos_core/docs/source/collection-requirements.html#collection-requirements) >= 1.14.1, < 2.0.0

Software requirements will have additional dependencies such as Python, for the specific dependencies and versions, review the softwares requirements.  
```
